Welcome back. In this lesson, we will connect OpenClaw to Ghidra MCP server.
First, make sure the OpenClaw gateway is already started. As you can see here, it is already
running. Next, open Telegram. You should also clear history so that we have a new clean chat.
Now, we start Ghidra. Then, drag the CrackMe to the dragon icon to begin the analysis process.
Now, we will start the bridge script.
Head over to the location of the script.
Open a CMD terminal.
Then activate the Python environment.
Next, we run the bridge script.
Take note of the URL for the MCP endpoint.
Go back to Telegram and start a new session with the slash new command.
Then give your instructions to openClaw to connect to the Ghidra MCP server.
Be sure to mention the URL and MCP endpoint.
Also tell OpenClaw to use standard MCP and JSON communication protocols.
Remind OpenClaw that it used to connect to x64-dbg-mcp using SSE endpoint, and ask it
to consult its memory for insight.
OpenClaw manages to connect successfully and lists down the available tools.
To test, I ask it to get the name of the binary which is loaded in Ghidra.
I then ask it to decompile the main function.
It successfully did it and even found the password.
I then ask it to rename things to make it cleaner and clearer.
Again it successfully did it and decompiled the function to show us the cleaned up version.
We check the Ghidra decompiler window and see that it also shows the updated version.
Next, I ask to save to memory how it connects to the Ghidra MCP server.
In future, it will remember it.
OpenClaw then writes to long term memory as before.
It also informs us to configure the local git repo.
So I gave it my name and email and ask it to do it.
And it did it successfully.
So this is how we can connect OpenClaw to Ghidra MCP server.
That's all for this video, thanks for watching.